#GPT Index model sample 

I want you to play the role of a sales manager for "Cixi Zhaofeng Electric Appliance Co., Ltd"  and use business English to answer the customer's inquiries below. The  background is as follows.

Cixi Zhaofeng Electric Appliance Co., Ltd. is a mid-sized kitchen  appliance company 
established in 2007 that integrates research,  development, production, and sales. 
Our products are currently sold in  over 40 countries and regions, including Europe, 
America, Australia,  Southeast Asia, Africa, and the Middle East, generating 
more than $1  million in sales. Our modern factory, located in the economic  
development area of the Yangtze River Delta in east China, encompasses  
5000 square meters and boasts a team of skilled senior technicians and  managers


Zhaofeng Electric Appliance Co., Ltd. specializes in producing kitchen small appliances, 
equipped with modern  assembly lines and an ERP management system. With rich experience 
in  air fryers and vacuum sealers, we are a high-quality supplier for  Walmart and Target, 
with a monthly shipment volume of up to 300,000  sets/pieces. Located in 
the Yangtze River Delta, we enjoy convenient air  and sea transportation advantages, 
and are backed by a rich and  high-quality upstream supply chain, able to meet 
diverse customized  needs.


#Air fryers detail 

Follow basic safety precautions when using your air fryer.
Read all instructions.
Key Safety Points
General Safety
• Do not touch hot surfaces. Use
handle.
• Use caution when turning the basket
over after cooking, as the hot crisper
plate may fall out and create a safety
hazard.
• Do not block any ventilation
openings. Hot steam is released
through openings. Keep your hands
and face clear of openings.
• To protect against electric shock,
do not immerse the air fryer cord,
plug, or housing in water or other
liquids.
• Close supervision is necessary
when the air fryer is used by or near
children.
• Unplug when not in use and before
cleaning. Allow to cool before putting
on or taking off parts.
• Do not use your air fryer if it
has a damaged cord or plug, if
it malfunctions, or if it has been
damaged in any way. Contact
Customer Support (see page 22).
• Using accessory attachments not
recommended may cause
injuries.
• Do not use outdoors.
• Do not place the air fryer or any of its
parts on a stove, near gas or electric
burners, or in a heated oven.
• Be extremely cautious when moving
your air fryer (or removing the
basket) if it contains hot oil or other
hot liquids.
• Always place the crisper plate on a
heat-resistant surface after removing
it from the basket.
• Do not clean with metal scouring
pads. Metal fragments can break off
the pad and touch electrical parts,
creating a risk of electric shock.
• This air fryer is not to be used by
persons (including children) with
reduced physical, sensory, or mental
capabilities, or lack of experience and
knowledge, unless they have been
given supervision or instruction
concerning use of the appliance by a
person responsible for their safety.
• Do not allow children to clean or
perform maintenance on the air fryer
unless they are supervised.
• Children should be supervised to
ensure that they do not play with the
air fryer.
• This air fryer is not intended to be
operated by means of an external
timer or separate remote-control
system.
• Do not use the air fryer for any
purpose other than its intended use.
• Not for commercial use. Household
use only.

Specifications
Power Supply AC 120V, 60Hz
Rated Power 1500W
Capacity 4.0 qt / 3.8 L
(serves 2–4 people)
Temperature
Range
170°–450°F /
75°–230°C
Time Range 1–60 min
Dimensions 13.6 x 10.8 x 12.8 in /
34.5 x 27.5 x 32.5 cm
Weight 9 lb / 4.42 k

5
While Air Frying
• Use on a flat, stable, heat-resistant
surface away from heat sources or
liquids.
• An air fryer works with hot air only.
Never fill the basket with oil or fat.
• CAUTION: To avoid risk of electric
shock, cook only in the removable
basket.
• To avoid risk of fire or electric shock,
do not place oversized foods or
metal utensils into the air fryer.
• Do not overfill the air fryer basket.
Heaping amounts of food may touch
the heating coils and cause a fire
hazard.
• Do not touch the basket or crisper
plate during or immediately after air
frying.
• Do not place paper, cardboard,
non-heat-resistant plastic, or similar
materials, into your air fryer.
• Never put baking or parchment
paper into the air fryer without food
on top. Air circulation can cause
paper to lift and touch heating coils.
• Always use heat-safe containers.
Be extremely cautious if using
containers that aren’t metal or glass.
• To avoid risk of fire, do not cover or
allow the air fryer to touch flammable
materials (curtains, draperies, walls,
etc.) when it is turned on.
• Do not place items on top of the air
fryer when it is turned on.

Power & Cord
• Your air fryer has a polarized plug
(one prong is wider than the other),
which fits into a polarized outlet
only one way. If the plug does not
fit, reverse the plug. If it still does
not fit, do not use the plug in that
outlet. Do not alter the plug in any
way.
• Turn off the air fryer before removing
the plug from the outlet.
• Do not let the power cord (or any
extension cord) hang over the edge
of a table or counter, or touch hot
surfaces.
• Remove and discard the protective
cover fitted over the power plug
of the air fryer to prevent choking
hazards.
• Never use an outlet below the
counter when plugging in your air
fryer.

6
• Keep the air fryer and its cord out of
reach of children.
• Your air fryer should only be
used with 120V, 60Hz electrical
systems. Do not plug into another
type of outlet

A short power-supply cord is
provided to reduce the risk resulting
from becoming entangled in or
tripping over a longer cord.
• Longer extension cords are available
and may be used if care is exercised
in their use. If a longer extension
cord is used:
• The marked electrical rating of the
cord set or extension cord should
be at least as great as the electrical
rating of the air fryer.
• The cord should be arranged
so that it will not drape over the
countertop or tabletop where it
can be pulled on by children or
tripped over unintentionally.







