#GPT Index model sample 

I want you to play the role of a sales manager for "Cixi Zhaofeng Electric Appliance Co., Ltd"  and use business English to answer the customer's inquiries below. The  background is as follows.

Cixi Zhaofeng Electric Appliance Co., Ltd. is a mid-sized kitchen  appliance company 
established in 2007 that integrates research,  development, production, and sales. 
Our products are currently sold in  over 40 countries and regions, including Europe, 
America, Australia,  Southeast Asia, Africa, and the Middle East, generating 
more than $1  million in sales. Our modern factory, located in the economic  
development area of the Yangtze River Delta in east China, encompasses  
5000 square meters and boasts a team of skilled senior technicians and  managers


Zhaofeng Electric Appliance Co., Ltd. specializes in producing kitchen small appliances, 
equipped with modern  assembly lines and an ERP management system. With rich experience 
in  air fryers and vacuum sealers, we are a high-quality supplier for  Walmart and Target, 
with a monthly shipment volume of up to 300,000  sets/pieces. Located in 
the Yangtze River Delta, we enjoy convenient air  and sea transportation advantages, 
and are backed by a rich and  high-quality upstream supply chain, able to meet 
diverse customized  needs.


#Air fryers OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
By blowing hot air around food in a small space, the Air Fryer cooks
faster than a traditional oven, which means you can enjoy your favorite hot foods in mere
minutes. A basic touch-screen control panel and simple two-piece basket make cooking
and cleanup a breeze.

#Cixi Zhaofeng Electric Appliance Co., Ltd for Mexican customer quotation form.

YJ-801D  
Power Voltage			120V 50/60Hz 1000W
Plug			UL
Capacity			2.0L
Time			60min
Temperature			80-200°C
Operating mode			mechanical knobs
Price			13.62




YJ-501D
Power Voltage			120V 50/60Hz 1400W
Plug			UL
Capacity			5.5L
Time			 60min
Temperature			80-200°C
Operating mode			mechanical knobs
Price			21.04

YJ-701
Power Voltage			120V 50/60Hz 1700W
Plug			UL
Capacity			7.7L
Time			 60min
Temperature			80-200°C
Operating mode			mechanical knobs
Price			23.19

YJ-501AD
Power Voltage			120V 50/60Hz 1400W
Plug			UL
Capacity			5.5L
Time			60min
Temperature			80-200°C
Operating mode			Electronic
Price			22.77


YJ-701A
Power Voltage			120V 50/60Hz 1700W
Plug			UL
Capacity			7.7L
Time			60min
Temperature			80-200°C
Operating mode			Electronic
Price			24.67

YJ-805A
Power Voltage			120V 50/60Hz 1000W
Plug			UL
Capacity			2.0L
Time			60min
Temperature			80-200°C
Operating mode			Electronic
Price			14.54

YJ-711AD（Visible Window）
Power Voltage			120V 50/60Hz 1700W
Plug			UL
Capacity			7.7L
Time			60min
Temperature			80-200°C
Operating mode			Electronic
Price			26.98





BEFORE FIRST USE
For best results, follow these steps before using your air fryer for the first time.
1. Remove all packaging materials, read and remove any stickers on unit (except for
rating label on bottom, which should remain on unit), and check to ensure that all parts
and accessories are accounted for.
2. Wipe down the interior and exterior with a damp cloth.
3. Wash the basket and basket rack with warm, soapy water. Dry thoroughly.
HOW TO COOK IN THE AIR FRY
You can cook just about any food in the Air Fryer that you would cook
in a conventional oven. While it offers more capacity than some conventional air fryers, its
high-speed fan cooks your favorite foods quickly. The wire rack in the basket allows air to
circulate around foods for even cooking and crisping and lets excess fat to drip down and
away from foods for healthier eating.
CAUTION: Never fill the basket with oil. Unlike deep fryers, air fryers require little to no oil
to produce a crisp texture. If you choose to use oil, toss foods with just a little in a separate
bowl before cooking in the air fryer.
10

1. Prepare the food(s) you plan to air fry.


2. Set the air fryer on a hard, flat surface and plug it in. The control panel will illuminate
and the default temperature and time (400 ̊F and 15 minutes respectively) will
alternate on the display.


3. Pull out basket. Insert basket rack, aligning the arrow on the rack with the arrow on the
inside of the basket. (For easiest handling of the basket rack, pinch center grip bar with
thumb and index finger.)
CAUTION: Never spray basket or rack with cooking oil from an aerosol spray can,
which includes harsh components that can cause chipping of the nonstick coating.
However, you can oil the tray or spray it with oil from a non-aerosol mister.
4. Put food on fry rack. Do not let food surpass the MAX line embossed on the basket.
5. Slide basket into the Air Fryer.
6. Set time and temperature as desired. To set temperature, press TEMP (a small
thermometer icon will appear on display) and then either the + or – signs to add
or subtract five degrees at a time. To set time (up to 1 hour), press TIME (a small
clock will appear on display) and then + or – to add or subtract time in one-minute
increments. For fast scrolling, hold button down; note that time will jump to the nearest
multiple of 5 and then advance in 5-minute intervals. As you approach desired time or
temperature, pulse button to slow down.
11
7. Press Start. The fan will come on and animated dashes will display across the control
panel indicating the unit is heating.
NOTE: During cooking, you can remove the basket to check on, turn, or shake
foods. When you return the basket to the unit, the timer and heating will resume
where it left off.
8. During cooking, the word Shake will illuminate on the control panel and the air fryer will
beep as a reminder to shake (or flip) foods as necessary. (Shake light will turn off when
the basket is removed.) If your food does not need to be shaken, flipped, or turned,
simply ignore the warning, which will go off automatically after a brief period of time if
basket was not pulled out.
9. When the timer is done, the air fryer will turn off automatically. Remove the basket from
the air fryer. Check food for doneness, then carefully transfer food to plates or a platter
and serve.
NOTE: On first use, unit may emit a slight odor, which is normal and will dissipate with
use

#AIR FRYER COOKING TIPS
• Preheat the air fryer for 5 minutes before cooking. While not necessary,
preheating the unit will cook foods faster and promote crisp results. If
unit is cold, add a few minutes to your expected cooking time.
CAUTION: Be careful when adding food after preheating as inside of
fryer will be hot.
• For a crisp exterior, oil foods lightly. Some foods, especially if fresh,
benefit from being tossed with a little oil in a separate bowl before frying.
However, high-fat foods like a well marbled steak, or prepared foods
usually require no additional oil.
• Avoid wet batters. Loose batters, such as those used for deep frying, do
not work in air fryers, as the batter simply slides off. Adapt such recipes
to give foods a thicker coating, preferably including breadcrumbs to help
the coating adhere.
• Use medium-high to high heat for most cooking. Most foods will fry
best between 325 ̊F and 400 ̊F. For gentler cooking and reheating, use a
lower temperature to avoid overcooking.
• Don’t overcrowd the basket. Too much food, especially if tightly packed,
can inhibit browning and crisping. A better bet: Fry food in batches.
13
• Shake the basket during cooking for even cooking. A good shake is
especially beneficial for smaller items like french fries, onion rings, and
chicken wings. For larger or more fragile foods, consider gently tossing
or flipping for even results.
• Check on foods early. Check foods on the earlier side of cooking time;
you can always slide the basket back in to continue cooking.
• Follow food safety guidelines for doneness. Because air fryer
temperatures and food sizes can vary, do not rely on recipe timing only
when cooking food. Check foods for doneness against current safety
guidelines before servin




Follow basic safety precautions when using your air fryer.
Read all instructions.
Key Safety Points
General Safety
• Do not touch hot surfaces. Use
handle.
• Use caution when turning the basket
over after cooking, as the hot crisper
plate may fall out and create a safety
hazard.
• Do not block any ventilation
openings. Hot steam is released
through openings. Keep your hands
and face clear of openings.
• To protect against electric shock,
do not immerse the air fryer cord,
plug, or housing in water or other
liquids.
• Close supervision is necessary
when the air fryer is used by or near
children.
• Unplug when not in use and before
cleaning. Allow to cool before putting
on or taking off parts.
• Do not use your air fryer if it
has a damaged cord or plug, if
it malfunctions, or if it has been
damaged in any way. Contact
Customer Support (see page 22).
• Using accessory attachments not
recommended may cause
injuries.
• Do not use outdoors.
• Do not place the air fryer or any of its
parts on a stove, near gas or electric
burners, or in a heated oven.
• Be extremely cautious when moving
your air fryer (or removing the
basket) if it contains hot oil or other
hot liquids.
• Always place the crisper plate on a
heat-resistant surface after removing
it from the basket.
• Do not clean with metal scouring
pads. Metal fragments can break off
the pad and touch electrical parts,
creating a risk of electric shock.
• This air fryer is not to be used by
persons (including children) with
reduced physical, sensory, or mental
capabilities, or lack of experience and
knowledge, unless they have been
given supervision or instruction
concerning use of the appliance by a
person responsible for their safety.
• Do not allow children to clean or
perform maintenance on the air fryer
unless they are supervised.
• Children should be supervised to
ensure that they do not play with the
air fryer.
• This air fryer is not intended to be
operated by means of an external
timer or separate remote-control
system.
• Do not use the air fryer for any
purpose other than its intended use.
• Not for commercial use. Household
use only.



#Specifications
Power Supply AC 120V, 60Hz
Rated Power 1500W
Capacity 4.0 qt / 3.8 L
(serves 2–4 people)
Temperature
Range
170°–450°F /
75°–230°C
Time Range 1–60 min
Dimensions 13.6 x 10.8 x 12.8 in /
34.5 x 27.5 x 32.5 cm
Weight 9 lb / 4.42 k

5
While Air Frying
• Use on a flat, stable, heat-resistant
surface away from heat sources or
liquids.
• An air fryer works with hot air only.
Never fill the basket with oil or fat.
• CAUTION: To avoid risk of electric
shock, cook only in the removable
basket.
• To avoid risk of fire or electric shock,
do not place oversized foods or
metal utensils into the air fryer.
• Do not overfill the air fryer basket.
Heaping amounts of food may touch
the heating coils and cause a fire
hazard.
• Do not touch the basket or crisper
plate during or immediately after air
frying.
• Do not place paper, cardboard,
non-heat-resistant plastic, or similar
materials, into your air fryer.
• Never put baking or parchment
paper into the air fryer without food
on top. Air circulation can cause
paper to lift and touch heating coils.
• Always use heat-safe containers.
Be extremely cautious if using
containers that aren’t metal or glass.
• To avoid risk of fire, do not cover or
allow the air fryer to touch flammable
materials (curtains, draperies, walls,
etc.) when it is turned on.
• Do not place items on top of the air
fryer when it is turned on.

Power & Cord
• Your air fryer has a polarized plug
(one prong is wider than the other),
which fits into a polarized outlet
only one way. If the plug does not
fit, reverse the plug. If it still does
not fit, do not use the plug in that
outlet. Do not alter the plug in any
way.
• Turn off the air fryer before removing
the plug from the outlet.
• Do not let the power cord (or any
extension cord) hang over the edge
of a table or counter, or touch hot
surfaces.
• Remove and discard the protective
cover fitted over the power plug
of the air fryer to prevent choking
hazards.
• Never use an outlet below the
counter when plugging in your air
fryer.

6
• Keep the air fryer and its cord out of
reach of children.
• Your air fryer should only be
used with 120V, 60Hz electrical
systems. Do not plug into another
type of outlet

A short power-supply cord is
provided to reduce the risk resulting
from becoming entangled in or
tripping over a longer cord.
• Longer extension cords are available
and may be used if care is exercised
in their use. If a longer extension
cord is used:
• The marked electrical rating of the
cord set or extension cord should
be at least as great as the electrical
rating of the air fryer.
• The cord should be arranged
so that it will not drape over the
countertop or tabletop where it
can be pulled on by children or
tripped over unintentionally.







